allies of Israel condemned a sharp rise
in attacks on Palestinian civilians by
Jews who are armed and who've settled in
the West Bank the other Palestinian
territory along with Gaza which has been
occupied by Israel religious Jews
believe the land was given to them by
God and leaders of the settlers say they
are protecting themselves from the West
Bank our International editor Jeremy
Bowen sent this
report where the Judean desert tumbles
Down To The River Jordan lies a tiny
community of Palestinian bins it's
called Arab ilat and it looks
Timeless but the shock waves of the war
in Gaza have reached here changing lives
and threatening
them the village really just a family
compound lies a few minutes from an
illegal Outpost of Jewish settlers who
came calling a few nights
ago mesar 23-year-old son of one of
eight brothers here videoed what
happened the settlers accused them
falsely the family said off stealing
their goats one wearing a police jacket
loaded his assault rifle they thought
they were about to
die he was shooting at my Uncle so I ran
down there and confronted him we were
pushing each other and screaming head
to-head and I was filming him then
around 20 settlers
came now they said they had to trust God
as Israel's police and army protect the
settlers this time no one was killed
they know they'll be a next time before
Gaza two or three settlers with pistols
might steal sheep now it was more than
20 with assault rifles the settlers want
to force them out and this family
believes the Israeli government has
given them the weapons to do
it in three days of traveling through
the occupied West Bank Palestinians have
said consistently that since the war in
Gaza Jewish settlers are better armed
and much more
aggressive at susia South of Hebron
Soldiers checked us out one told an
Israeli colleague that he was a traitor
for visiting Palestinians they filmed us
but took much less interest in what had
happened a few miles down the
road the village of kbid Zuta had been
bulldozed activists said last night
Zan's 200 Palestinians left four weeks
ago after a barage of threats from armed
Jewish settlers the school was destroyed
Britain helped fund it the project was
called supporting Palestinians at risk
of forcible
transfer activists said settlers did it
to make sure the Palestinians would
never come
back someone drew Jewish stars of
David a settler leader cancelled an
interview the police said they were
waiting for a complaint in fact Zena's
Palestinians have petitioned Israel's
Supreme
Court we went to the village with a
former Israeli Special Forces soldier
who now campaigns against the occupation
they are demolishing Palestinian
Villages beating up Palestinian Farmers
stealing their all
they're trying to open a third front and
East Front against the Palestinians why
Palestinian West Bank why because they
want this without any Palestinian they
want the land without
Palestinians Palestinians see all this
and the rest of the settler violence on
the West Bank as
confirmation of their worst fears that
there are powerful elements inside
Israel in the government as well as the
settler movement who want them out and
who are are using the enormous crisis
surrounding the Gaza War as an
opportunity to further their
agenda south of heon Palestinian farmers
are plowing with the donkey because
local Jewish settlers have threatened to
steal or break their tractor if they use
it Arabs and Jews started fighting over
every grain of soil in a land both sides
believe should be theirs more than a
century ago here it's still comes down
to that in every Rocky
field and we can speak to Jeremy who's
in Jerusalem now at Jeremy in Gaza
itself more heavy bombing by Israel what
sort of reaction has there
been well I think um more fear and more
movement from Palestinians trying to get
away from all of that the Israelis are
saying that they're warning Palestinians
about what they're going to do giving
them a chance to get away way the UN is
very skeptical about whether the scheme
the Israelis are using is actually going
to work whether it's feasible at all the
Israelis appear to be trying to cut off
the city of hunis from the rest of the
Gaza Strip as the focus of the next
phase of their military operation a lot
of the Hamas leaders come from there and
they're hoping they might be able to get
closer to killing them if they can
really go in and clean the place out
however the Americans have said to them
again in the last few days that they
must not kill as many Palestinian
civilians as they have and have even
warned they might suffer a a strategic
defeat even if they get a tactical
Victory if that's what they do you know
I think at the moment uh depressingly
there is now this awful Rhythm daily
rhythm of War of the strikes of the
deaths of the UN saying it's struggling
to get the humanitarian Aid in that
people need and what we have to conclude
is that this is going to go on I think
for weeks months into next year